Well, it's that time again, boys.
I'm off to my weekly mustache wax.
Now, remember. Two rules while I'm gone.
Number one, don't touch my radio.
It is my most prized object after all.
And of course,
rule number two, no fighting!
Hold it!
Cuphead, why are we fighting again?
Uh, 'cause we're not supposed to?
Right!
Back so soon, dearest Kettle?
"Please take care of baby."
Aw!
How could someone leave
something so precious?
Uh, Mugman?
What are we supposed to do with a baby?
We show it love, of course.
Just watch and learn.
Hello, baby.
My name is Mugman.
Can you say Mu--
Mama.
That's right, baby! That's exactly right!
-Boop!
Well, then, I guess
that makes me Dada, doesn't it?
Right? Dada?
Mugman, why's it crying?
You need to burp him, Cuphead!
-I don't think it's working.
-Maybe he needs his diaper changed?
-Or I could try burping him again.
-Yeah, that's a great idea.
-It's all right, baby.
Yeah. That's better.
Mama!
Hey, it worked!
Boop!
Did you see that?! That thing bit me!
Cuphead! Baby is not a "thing."
Baby is a baby.
I think you two need to learn to get along
while I prepare some baby food.
And now, remember!
All baby needs is love!
Peekaboo! Peekaboo!
Peekaboo!
Now, baby, you know it's not polite to--
Phew!
Mama!
Baby, no!
Ow!
Whee!
-
Baby!
I just knew they'd get along.
-Now, baby--
Phew!
Bad baby! Bad--
-Baby?
-Mama?
Don't do it.
Easy…
Oh, come on!
Cuphead! Glass on the floor?!
Baby could get hurt!
Well, baby broke the fish bowl!
You were supposed to be watching baby!
That baby is not a normal--
Wait. Where's baby?
Baby!
Where'd it go?!
How should I know?!
There you are.
Open up, baby!
Open the door!
You gotta listen to me.
Something's wrong with that baby.
We gotta get rid of it.
Not a chance, Cuphead.
Baby needs our love!
What it needs is a leash!
Cuphead! The way you're talking,
it's like you never even wanted a baby!
I didn't!
Oh, well, then…
I guess I'll do all the parenting myself.
Be my guest! Hmph!
Baby? Would you be a darling
and open the door for Mama?
Elder Kettle's radio!
-No! Bad baby! Bad!
Mama.
Uh, I don't like
that crazy glint in his eye.
Oh, nonsense, Cuphead.
-But--
-Calm down.
Wait right there.
I've had this bear
since I was a tiny baby.
It means the world to me.
It was always there to cheer me up,
and now it'll be there for you.
I'm gonna kill that thing!
Mugman, no! It's a baby!
It's not a baby!
-It's evil.
It's gone!
My eyes!
That's it! I'm calling for help.
Hello, Operator? Get me the police!
Hello? Hello?
He cut the line!
Now what do we do?!
-Dresser.
-Huh?
Dresser!
-Chair.
-No. Dresser.
No, chair!
Whoa!
Baby, no!
Mama!
No!
Whoa!
Huh?
Door ripped off its hinges?
Piano on fire?
Fishbowl shattered? Fish missing?
Antique china in pieces?
Dresser smashed into wall?
More fire?
Eh. Boys will be boys.
My radio!
My most prized object!
Baby did it.
Mama.
Aw!
This little cutie-patootie?
Oh!
Bad baby!
Mama.
Boys! Help!
Okay. On three.
One,
two,
three!
Aw!
Mama.
So cute!
"Please take care of baby."
Oh!
Let's get you inside.